posture doesn't make you that much more
attractive and besides bad posture isn't
really correlated with back pain or neck
pain however forcing yourself to be
still in any posture can make you stiff
and that can sometimes be interpreted as
pain but if you want the ability to
shape shift keep the ribs in and 10 reps
here elbows on the wall chest down 30
seconds hug your legs and then pull your
belly button toward your spine 30
seconds then stretch out and up and hold
this again for 30 seconds if that's too
much to remember I have free ebooks your
next posture is your best posture so if
you want to avoid that stiffness just
move more stay flexy